# QuickCoin-
提供快捷币资讯
China Team Advisory: WeChat | telephone 15592533888
Fast money Quickcoin is by the British Cayman Islands top block chain technology (robots) research and development team. Is a kind of digital cryptography electronic currency generated by open source software. Fast money also can for food money". It is based on numerous digital virtual currencies and overcomes many defects. The fourth generation of encrypted digital electronic currency developed, compared with other fast currency currency (Quickcoin) in a new high-tech currency advantage inherits its bitcoin derivatives, to achieve a complete "anonymous" + "landing". This is the second currency bitcoin after the most investment value of the currency.
What is the operating principle of quick currency Quickcoin?
Fast money is a kind of digital electronic currency generated by the P2P open source software, is produced through calculation, consisting of a string of complex computer code. It does not depend on the issuer specific, but the use of distributed database across the P2P network node to record the currency trading, encryption design and use of cryptography to ensure the security of all aspects of its circulation in the.
Why is the Quickcoin shortcut currency true digital currency?
Fast money has a block chain and open source code, automatic authentication by the Internet node
(1) QC coins have real open source code, in the open source code query site https://github.com can be found.
(2) fast money is a constant issue (68 million), 10 year release.
(3) quick cash to the central, not by any country, organization, organization, business control, so that the elimination of human operations.
(4) the principle of quick currency is based on: SCRYPT / POW+POS features perfect guard against and solve the virtual currency of the 51% attacks brought to the players.
(5) everyone can free download and installation fast encryption currency wallet, only the global system of Windows, Mac OS, Android Linux system, apple system on-line at the same time, can be free. URL: quickcoins.org
Download member.robotpro.org wallet machine rental site
(6) fast money has docking international trading platform officially launched free trade, can buy and sell coins, QC can deal with BT coins, coins, etc. with $LT.翻译
中国团队咨询：微信|电话 15592533888
快捷币 Quickcoin是由英国开曼群岛全球顶尖区块链技术团队(robots)研究开发。是一种由开源软体产生的数字密码学电子货币。快捷币也可意译为“粮食货币”。是基于众多数字虚拟货币基础上，克服了众多缺陷。开发出来的第四代加密数字电子货币，与其他币相比快捷币（Quickcoin）在继承了其比特币的优点衍生的一种全新高科技的币种，实现了完全的“匿名”+“落地”。该币种是继比特币后最具投资价值的币种。
快捷 币Quickcoin的运行原理是什么？
快捷币是一种由开源的P2P软件产生的数字电子币，是通过计算产生的，由一串串复杂的计算机代码组成。它不依赖于特定的发行机构，而是使用遍布整个P2P网络节点的分布式数据库来记录货币的交易，并使用密码学的加密设计来确保它流通的各个环节的安全性。
 Quickcoin快捷币为什么是真实的数字货币？
快捷币拥有区块链和开源代码，由互联网节点自动认证
（1）QC币有真实的开源代码，在开源代码查询网站https://github.com上可以查到。
（2）快捷币是恒量发行（6800万枚），分10年逐年释放。
（3）快捷币完完全全去中心化，不受任何国家、组织、机构、企业控制，这样就杜绝了人为操作。
（4）快捷币的原理基于：SCRYPT／POW+POS 其特点完美防范及解决了虚拟货币51%攻击给玩家带来的忧虑。

（5）人人可免费下载及安装快捷币加密钱包，全球唯一⑤套系统Windows、Mac OS、Linux 安卓系统，苹果系统同时上线，可以免费挖矿。网址:quickcoins.org 
  下载钱包member.robotpro.org 矿机租赁网站
（6）快捷币已对接国际交易平台正式上线自由交易，可以随时买入和卖出，QC币可以与BT币、LT币、美元等同台交易。
 
